# Heterogeneous Accelerated Compute Clusters (HACC) Academia-Industry Research Ecosystem
The Heterogeneous Accelerated Compute Clusters (HACC) program is a special initiative from the AMD CTO to support novel research in adaptive compute acceleration for high-performance computing (HPC). The scope of the program is broad and encompasses systems, architecture, tools, and applications. Four HACCs have been established at some of world’s most prestigious universities. Each center is equipped with Xilinx hardware and software technologies for adaptive compute acceleration. Researchers from around the world are invited to join the HACC program and collaborate on state-of-the-art HPC research on the HACC infrastructure. The HACCs also act as community hubs for researchers to come together to collaborate with other experts in the field, including those at Xilinx Research Labs. 
In this track, each of the centers' principal investigators will provide an overview of their research interests, highlighting external collaborations and results enabled by the HACC program. The work presented includes applications demonstrating significant acceleration, tools that enhance compilation, specialized HPC IP, architecture and system-level performance improvements. A live discussion will follow the presentations and will provide a great opportunity to interact directly with the researchers and find out more about the HACC program. The sessions are open to all Adapt attendees. In particular, industrial and academic researchers and adaptive computing solution providers who are interested in the HACC program are invited to join this track. 
- Part 1: a) Brief overview of HACC program b) Prof. Gustavo Alonso, head of the Institute for Computing Platforms, Systems Group, Department of Computer Science, ETH Zurich. c) Prof. Jason Cong, Volgenau Chair for Engineering Excellence and Director for the Center for Customizable Domain-Specific Computing, Computer Science Department, UCLA.  
- Part 2: a) Associate Professor Bingsheng He, Vice Dean, Research, Department of Computer Science, NUS School of Computing.  b) Prof. Deming Chen, Abel Bliss Professor of Engineering, Chief Scientist, C3SR Center, ECE Department, UIUC.  
- Part 3: Live discussion with technical leads from each of the HACCs.

<section style="text-align:center"><iframe class="you-container2" style="text-align:center; border: 0px; background:transparent" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ousTRtD4m2Q" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" width="80%" height="auto" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen="">
	</iframe></section>

---------------------------------------
<p align="center">Copyright&copy; 2022 AMD</p>